Feat extensions (#179)
DIRACGrid/diracx-web: README.md

# DiracX-Web

## Overview

`diracx-web` is a web application that provides a user interface to interact with the [DiracX](https://github.com/DIRACGrid/diracx) service and is part of the [DIRAC](https://github.com/DIRACGrid) ecosystem.

This repository is organized as a monorepo, with the following key packages:

- [diracx-web](./packages/diracx-web)
- [diracx-web-components](./packages/diracx-web-components)
- [diracx-web-extension-example](./packages/diracx-web-extension-example)

![Architecture diagram](./docs/architecture_overview.png)

### Packages

> - **DiracX-Web**: A Next.js application that serves as a demo to showcase the default functionalities of the `DiracX-Web-Components` package.

Reviewer: I would rather define it as:

```suggestion
- **DiracX-Web**: Vanilla Dirac web interface based on Next.js. Leverages components from `DiracX-Web-Components` to provide core functionalities.
```

- **DiracX-Web-Components**: A library of reusable React components designed for integration within the `DiracX-Web` package and to facilitate the creation of custom DiracX web extensions.

- **DiracX-Web-Extension-Example**: An illustrative example of a web extension demonstrating how to extend the functionality of `DiracX-Web` using the components from the `DiracX-Web-Components` package.

### Project Management

> - **Lerna**: Utilized for efficient monorepo management.

Reviewer: Can you briefly describe why it is needed in our context?

Reviewer: Also I think you can add a reference to the documentation of each tool (lerna, npm, release-please) such as:

```md
- [**Lerna**](<url lerna documentation>): Utilized ...
```
